the vegan zombie Valentine's Day it's
right around the corner now I'm gonna be
spending Valentine's Day with India here
what for all you lovebirds out that are
looking to make something delicious for
that special someone
we've got just the recipe for you on
tonight's menu of romance Pad Thai for
two so what do you say we get started
all in all this recipe takes about 25
minutes to a half hour the hardest part
is waiting for the water to boil I
already got that started for us now all
we got to do is make the sauce for the
Pad Thai
come on to get started you're gonna have
to turn your pan onto a low heat and
about a quarter cup of olive oil it's
important to keep this at a low heat
because we're gonna add some really
small pieces of garlic and you don't
want that garlic to burn or you're gonna
die well that's warm enough we're gonna
shreds two cloves of garlic try not to
get your knuckles in there we have our
olive oil at a really nice temperature
now I'm gonna go ahead and add all my
spices we got a half a teaspoon of
coriander we're gonna use a quarter
teaspoon of crushed red pepper now be
careful with this it's very hot and I'm
a huge wimp
so why you a little bit but it's got a
great kick to it if you like a little
more heat go ahead and be brave and just
add a little bit more maybe a half
teaspoon maybe a whole teaspoon I don't
know how crazy are you
we're also gonna add a whole teaspoon of
onion powder stir this up try to get
those spices to release their flavors
into the oil for a little bit and we're
gonna add three tablespoons of sugar
now just add a half a teaspoon of apple
cider vinegar put the garlic right in
there I'll stir this for about two
minutes and then we're gonna add some
tofu here I have our baked tofu that I
made in a previous episode you should
check that recipe out it's really easy
to make you can keep it frozen for three
months or you can refrigerate it for a
week you can even enjoy it fresh out of
the oven next we're gonna add a cup and
a quarter of veggie broth we're gonna
pour that in turn the heat up to high
just keep stirring it want to bring this
to a boil let it reduce down and thicken
up just a little bit then we're going to
cook our noodles
stir it in with the sauce serve it up on
a delicious love-filled
plate
well our sauce is ready our water's
boiling we're gonna go ahead and add a
half a pound of rice noodles now now
these rice noodles only take about five
minutes to cook so what we're gonna do
is we're gonna stir them in bring that
back up to a boil and let them soften up
well that's happening i shredded about
1/4 cups worth of cabbage so I'm gonna
throw that in with our sauce and 1/4 cup
of carrots that I shredded stir that in
let them soften up it smells good well
those things are all cooking we're gonna
make a beautiful little ship a nod of
basil that we're gonna stir right in
after the dish is finished
you're gonna take four or five basil
leaves stack them on top of each other
like this roll it up give it a nice thin
slice okay look how pretty that looks
yeah our noodles are perfectly cooked
and ready to go this is about how thick
you want your sauce to be we're gonna
pop them right in from the water to the
pan stir it right in the final steps
we're gonna stir in 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt
traditionally Pad Thai has fish sauce in
it but you know what we're gonna set
those little fishies free and we're
gonna use our vegan we're sister sauce
just a teaspoon of that stir it all up
we're gonna add some lime juice you want
to get all those juices flowing so
you're gonna do is just roll it out like
that cut in half we're gonna use about a
tablespoon of lime juice stab it a
couple times with a fork I have a little
strainer here but if you don't have a
strainer just be careful not to get any
seeds or anything in there squeeze it in
stir it up and it's ready to be plated
pad top 2 and now for the finishing
touches traditionally you're supposed to
mix the sprouts in but I like to just
kind of add them on top because I think
they're beautiful I got some chopped
peanuts right here and last but not
least our basil garnish with that we
already have it guys pad thai for two
this one's mine
mmm who wants to join me this
Valentine's Day special was brought to
you by vegan meals calm and don't forget
guys like this video and follow us on
Facebook and Twitter
we'll see you guys next time overlook
but for all you lovers out there they're
looking to make something very but for
all you lovers out there look lil a
little while